CREW: Let's roll camera.
CREW: Quiet, please.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I would imagine you do a
lot of boring interviews.
This one won't be
boring, I don't think.
I do do a lot of boring
ones, but this one--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
MERO: Some are
incredibly boring.
How's it going, Bernie?
OK, it's going great.
Good.
Good to be with you guys.
All right.
You recently
announced you're back.
How are you feeling?
You know, you had a little
health thing going on now.
Are you back 100%?
You ready to rock?
I am feeling really good.
That's good, glad to hear that.
What do you have to
say to those people
that are worried, and say,
oh, well, he's healthy enough?
Is he this is, is he that,
buh, buh, buh, buh, buh?
Well, follow me
around the campaign
trail, and I think
you'll learn that I'm
healthy, that I'm
vigorous, and we're
going to win this campaign.
Gotcha, gotcha.
And we're going to
defeat the most dangerous
president in the history of this
country, and defeat him badly.
Right.
We got to get Donald
Duck outta here.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
- Going to get him out.
You just had a
rally out in Queens?
- We did.
- Big rally.
How many people were there?
Who's counting?
26,433--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
--people, and a little
kid and two dogs.
And 50 Cent was there.
And our home girl.
Shout to AOC, who was out there.
Keep repping.
How does it feel
to have somebody
like that from this
generation connect with you?
You know, that is
a great question.
Old school.
Right.
What it tells us is
that no matter our age,
or where we were born,
or the color of our skin,
people have an enormous
amount in common.
We are a common humanity.
And to see a young woman
of 30-- the youngest woman
ever elected to the Congress--
working alongside of me
in the fight for justice--
it tells me that we have
enormous opportunity
to bring people all
over this country
around an agenda that works
for all of us, not just the 1%.
On the campaign trail,
where is the worst food?
[LAUGHTER]
Speak freely, Bernie.
Speak freely.
One of the things that
I'm trying to do, I mean--
let me beat around the
bush on that issue--
Gotcha, gotcha.
--is eat healthy.
You ever have
a chopped cheese?
- No.
- No?
Oh, you're missing out, Bernie.
Probably the most unhealthy
thing you could ever--
[LAUGHTER]
- It really is.
--your entire life.
Like, literally, if you're
caught on camera eating one,
you cannot be president.
[LAUGHTER]
That's just the way
the system works.
We're also from the Bronx.
And being from the Bronx, we--
I was born in Brooklyn.
All right.
Yeah, BK all day.
Are you a Nets fan?
- No!
- OK, just making sure.
MERO: The Knicks it is!
Thank you.
No, I'll tell you
some ancient history.
You ready for ancient--
All right, let's some
hear some ancient history.
Once upon a time--
George Washington
era-- there was a team
called the Brooklyn Dodgers.
And the guy who
owned the Dodgers
did something horrible
beyond belief.
He took that team away
from this community.
It really was enormously
upsetting for the people
of Brooklyn and New York.
And so you know, over the
years, I became a Red Sox
fan after I moved to Vermont.
Oof.
- I know that's tough stuff.
- Yeah, it hurts.
- That hurts.
- It hurts, it hurts.
[LAUGHTER]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
I need a second to recover.
Let's slow down for
a second, as I gotta--
[LAUGHTER]
We need some water?
Or something stronger.
CREW: Rolling on the mark.
You know, something
that concerns us dearly,
and most of our viewers-- weed.
What is your weed policy like?
So this is what we do.
Right now-- unbelievable-- under
the Controlled Substance Act,
marijuana is at the
same level as heroin.
Right.
Which is insane.
So we take it out of that, which
essentially legalizes marijuana
all over this country.
And the second thing
we do, move to expunge
the records of
those people who've
been arrested for marijuana.
And the third thing we do, which
is really important, I think--
as we move toward the
legalization of marijuana,
I don't want large
corporations profiting.
I want the people
who have been hurt
the most to be able to benefit.
The folks who should be involved
in the legal marijuana business
will be people of color.
MERO: Smart, smart.
All right, we told your
staff no hot button issues.
We lied.
We got a very controversial
question for you.
All right.
Who is your favorite rapper?
Well, Killer Mike
is a good friend.
Ah!
Also, you're friends
with Cardi B?
- Yeah.
- Yeah!
Shout out to Cardi.
BX in the house.
MERO: Yeah!
DESUS: How did that
even come around?
You know, you got a lot
of entertainment stars.
These folks make zillions
of dollars a year.
And a lot of them don't
have the guts to speak
out on important issues.
They don't want to antagonize
this group, you know?
Right.
Republicans buy sneakers,
et cetera, et cetera.
But Cardi B. has.
And we had a couple of really
long chats about politics.
And I'm glad that
she is supportive.
Do you think Trump is
going to be impeached?
Yeah, I think he will
be impeached in the House.
Whether he will be convicted
in the Senate is another story.
This president, in my view, is
not just a pathological liar.
He is not just a racist and
a sexist and a homophobe.
His administration is
probably the most corrupt
administration, certainly,
in the modern history
of this country.
It's unbelievable.
He can't control himself.
What makes our campaign
kind of unique--
not only taking on Trump
and the Republicans,
we're taking on the
Democratic establishment.
We're taking on the
insurance companies,
and the drug companies,
taking on Wall Street.
You know, Wall Street--
borrowing money for
2%, and then charging
people 25% or 30% interest
rates on their credit cards.
What do you call that?
- It's like extortion.
Exactly.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
And you got to call it out.
Shock the world.
Yeah.
What is one of your
guilty pleasures?
I watch a lot of old movies.
Like what movies?
Like "Belly?"
"Death of a Salesman."
Mm, oh, old-old.
Not that old, you know?
Yeah, I know.
I think what would
blow my mind, he be like,
I play "Fortnite" every day.
- Nah!
- No?
Not me, not me.
I don't know if you've
seen-- we've played
basketball against Cory Booker.
Could we get a--
I usually play a
little basketball
with the grandchildren.
- All right, right.
Football.
We bought some sneakers
for you to look at,
to figure out if these
are like a fit for you,
if these are something you'd
rock, if these have the--
They have the
proper arch support.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
So they have the
Bernie-approved drip.
Increase your vertical,
you know what I mean?
I need a lot of
improvement on that vertical.
I can barely get
off the ground now.
[THUNDERCLAP]
The first sneaker here--
this is a Travis Scott, rapper.
He's married to--
Kylie Jenner.
- Kylie Jenner, yes.
- Straight up.
Straight up.
(FALSETTO) Rise and shine.
She might be a billionaire
you have to guillotine.
But yeah.
- Yes.
How much do you
think this retails for?
$100?
What's the resale
on these bad boys?
Is it four--
[KA-CHING]
$1,500.
MERO: $1,500.
Ai, yi, yi.
Are you interested?
In paying $1,500 for
this pair of sneakers?
Yes.
I think I'll pass.
OK, all right.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, straight up said no to this.
[CRASHING PERCUSSION]
So something more
suited for someone
not taking big corporate money.
Looks like a nice sneaker.
What do you think the resale
value on this bad boy is?
Well, now you could--
the last one was $1,500.
Right?
But what's this, $250?
$250?
What's the resale on this?
[KA-CHING]
$4,500.
MERO: $4,500.
AKA, two Honda
Civics in the Bronx.
This is a status thing?
Yes.
It's a flex.
You're not a big flexer?
- No.
- OK, all right.
Afraid to flex.
No, I really don't like that
idea of people paying $4,500.
Nobody likes that idea.
(LAUGHING) No.
Insane.
[CELESTIAL SINGING]
Are you familiar
with Kanye West?
Sure.
This is Kanye's
sneaker, the last sneaker
he released when he was still
under contract with Nike.
Well, you will have blown my
mind on the last two sneakers,
so I hesitate.
I'm going to go big on this.
Go big or go home, Bernie.
All right.
I mean, it's weird to say it.
$1,000.
[RUMBLING]
All right, again?
[LAUGHTER]
What is the resale
value of the Red October?
[CRASHING PERCUSSION]
$11,000.
[KA-CHING]
Does anybody in the
world pay $11,000?
Sadly, yes.
I think I'll pass
on that one too.
What's the more
reasonable Bernie sneaker?
What would you--
I nearly paid $45-50.
I like that.
Like a pair of New Balance?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
That's what it
is, New Balance.
New Balance!
MERO: Little running shoe.
All right, we got to
get a pair of custom made
Bernie Sanders New Balances.
We're going to work on that.
What features do you need on it?
Like hypertech pumps, or--
If they had shoelaces,
that would be good.
OK.
MERO: OK.
That's--
If they had rubber soles,
that would be pretty good.
Shoelaces, rubber soles.
BERNIE SANDERS: Yeah,
I'm a pretty modest guy.
You're modest.
To keep me from
falling on my face.
All right.
We're going to
design the Air Bernie.
[FANFARE]
[KA-CHING]
Looks like a nice sneaker.
Bernie, if you
could say one thing
to the people watching this
interview, what would it be?
Get involved.
The future of the
country is at stake.
(WHISPERING) I like
that, I like that.
Also, do you have
anything to say
about the state of our Knicks?
Good luck.
Damn.
[LAUGHTER]
- Yo!
We'll take the boys
in the building.
Senator Bernie Sanders.
Good luck!
[APPLAUSE]
[LAUGHTER]
[MUSIC PLAYING]